Add more detail to docs on mz_introspection cluster (#25691)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/show-clusters.md

A system cluster named `mz_introspection` will be pre-installed in every
environment. This cluster has several indexes installed to speed up common
introspection queries, like `SHOW` commands and queries using the system
catalog.

> To take advantage of these indexes, Materialize will automatically
> re-route your `SHOW` and system catalog queries to the `mz_introspection`
> cluster. You can disable this behavior within your session via the
> `auto_route_introspection_queries`
> [session variable](/sql/show/#other-session-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To take advantage of these indexes, Materialize will automatically re-route
`SHOW` commands and queries using system catalog objects to the
[`mz_introspection` system cluster](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/show-clusters/#mz_introspection-system-cluster)
cluster. You can disable this behavior in your session via the
`auto_route_introspection_queries`[session variable](/sql/show/#other-session-variables).
```

Author: > [`mz_introspection` system cluster](https://materialize.com/docs/sql/show-clusters/#mz_introspection-system-cluster)

Isn't that the section we are currently in already?
